In times before portals,
space was bound and defined,
By physics and air, through walls they're blind.
Movement was horizontal, or a slow vertical climb,
Limited by nature, by sunlight, and time.
In the age of portals, space reshapes, expands,
Breathful of mountain air, filled the urban lands.
Sunlight streamed through
portals, in shadows they shine,
While storage condensed, with worlds inside.
Quantum entanglement, a dance of subatomic grace,
Stabilized and bound, each to a hard base.
A wormhole unbroken, between the entangled pair,
Through which matter could journey, from here to there.
But with wondrous possibilities, came perils unforeseen,
Tales spread of limbs lost, of a scene so obscene.
Of individuals stepping in, in portal's jaws, they’re thrown,
Cities became mazes, with portal routes unknown.
The government intervened, extreme measures deployed,
Once bustling gateways, in shadows they’re destroyed.
Abandoned and forlorn, these silent portals lay,
Monuments to a time of freedom, now relics of a bygone day.
Yet from the mire of chaos, our design began to gleam,
If anomalies arise, our portals retract their beam.
A gravitational repulse, at the brink of the breach,
Ensuring those at the threshold are safe from its reach.
All portals adhere to walls, one-sided and tight,
Our database is live, watching day and night.
Portals that deform, only with license they’re sold,
Ensuring no misuse, no tragedy unfold.
Our vast catalog awaits, within finger's reach,
From grand to petite, for every conceivable need.
Browse, choose, and embark on a journey anew,
In the worlds of safe portals, your trust we pursue.